---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-05T20:04:01.376Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-05T20:01:39.258Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-05-778cd772-7799-477a-8d6d-0e0665272776.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 778cd772-7799-477a-8d6d-0e0665272776/index.html
_type: Article

---
Emmanuel Berrido, Composer

Originally from the beautiful shores of Santo Domingo, Dominican
Republic, Emmanuel Berrido's life was filled with music and its
creation of it since his early years.
As a composer, Emmanuel draws influence from the various
genres of music he's experienced with since his teens. His early
contact with music began at age 11 when he took the piano as
his principal instrument, studying his first piano and music theory
concepts under the studio of professor Luz Elena Nicolás, and
jazz piano in his late teens with professor Ania Paz. After studying
Graphic Design and Advertising in his hometown, he migrated to
Miami, FL to continue pursuing his goals with Music.
In 2009, he began studies at Miami Dade College for Music Business focusing in Creative Production
under professors with active careers in the business, such as saxophonist Ed Calle, Richard Rose, and
Stephen Quinzi. He graduated with honors, and spent much of time involved very actively with the
Keyboard Department, led by Dr. K. Wayne Bumpers. Driven by the enthusiasm of returning to the art
music environment and get himself exposed to a more profound musical experience, in 2011 he began his
studies in Music Composition at the Florida International University under the guidance of Dr. Orlando
Jacinto García, where he got his Bachelor's in Music degree in Music Composition.
As a performer, Emmanuel's experience with different types of musical genres ranges from the recital hall
with piano classics such as Chopin, Beethoven, or Debussy, to the rock and pop music stage as a
synthesizer player, performing music (other's, as well as his own) for several acts in the popular music
scene in his original Santo Domingo, as well as in Miami. His avid interest of performing contemporary Art
Music compositions has given him the chance to perform and premiere music by some of his colleagues,
such as Federico Bonacossa, Eric Benaim, and Juan F. Mansilla.
Emmanuel's interest for knowledge (spreading and receiving) led him to become involved with private
piano instruction, his more recent love, a joyful occupation which allows him to touch others and extend
music literacy further, passing on the torch to the next generation of musicians.
When not working hard or performing, Berrido enjoys graphic design, playing every Sunday at church, or
spending time with his schnauzer, Cookie.